My Creativity
-------------

I have spent the last year and a half developing this video game on my freetime. That is an average of 5 hours a week during 80 weeks: 400 hours. I don't remember why I started. I have always started programming projects. The difference is that I did not interrupt with one. After 2 months I had a working prototype, closer from the original Qyx, and I played with friends that came for a visit from France (thank you David and Sebastien), and we enjoyed playing this very early version. And it felt good to see people having fun with something I coded. I know how to code Javascript, it's my job. But I had to learn how to use Illustrator and draw and I'm terrible at it. But the whole thing was a lot of fun to do.

This experience made me a more creative person. Here is how I feel about creativity: I realize how personal the creativity is. It does not have anything to do with amount of production.  A creative production is the one that developed the creativity of it's author. How relevant and creative it is for everyone else should be considered irrelevant.

This gave my creativity some confidence, and it shows in other compartiment o my life

When my creativity is on, it occupies my mind whenever it's free, but does not get in the way too much. A balanced flow. It keeps my mind busy but not overwhelmed. Just a good workout, so that connections can be made easier. I feel that I can make connections I could not make before. Connections between notions that used to be to foreign form each other. What do a car and an orange have in common? Maybe nothing for you, maybe something for me? What part of your memory is relevant for what you experience right now?

And so, I think about doing things I would not have done before. Better at imagining how the tastes would go together if I'm cooking, spontaneously thought about a good analogy for describing someone whose headphones are bigger than his own head: a hamburger, being faster at recognizing who this person made me think of. Some mind training exercises would work as well to achieve this kind mind workout. But the beauty of doing it through my creativity is that it is not an effort, it is just something I do and not really think twice about it.